Implented Tasking Model (#219)
precice/micro-manager: CHANGELOG.md

## latest

> - Added support to run micro simulation in separate process with workers [#219](https://github.com/precice/micro-manager/pull/219)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added support to run micro simulations in separate processes with workers [#219](https://github.com/precice/micro-manager/pull/219)
```
